0 The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
3 But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
1 I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1 It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
1 A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
4 Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
2 Almost .
3 The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
2 I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
1 A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
3 The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
1 The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
0 A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
1 A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
4 The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
1 An ugly , revolting movie .
3 When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
4 Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
4 The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
1 Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
4 At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
2 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
2 Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
2 As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
1 Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
0 The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
3 Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
0 Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
3 Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
3 -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
3 What 's next ?
3 Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
3 Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
4 At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
0 The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
1 Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
3 Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
0 The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
3 Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
1 It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
2 ... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
2 There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .
3 Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
3 Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
3 Her film
3 An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
2 displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
0 It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
4 A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
2 Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
2 You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
4 The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
4 Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
1 A well-crafted letdown .
3 What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
4 Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
4 Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
2 Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
1 Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
2 So-so entertainment .
1 But what is missing from it all is a moral .
3 A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
0 This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
4 Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
0 The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
4 Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
3 Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
0 Very stupid and annoying .
0 A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
3 By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
3 A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
4 `` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
4 With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
1 While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
1 Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
2 It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
4 Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
4 Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
1 Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
2 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
3 Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
4 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
2 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .
3 What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
1 An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .
2 I survived .
3 Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
1 The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
3 A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
2 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
4 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
3 I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
1 The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
3 The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
1 But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1 But no. .
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
